such galerinha touch with Eduardo who
has calonge 100 thousand but has already received
Eduardo is true this news that
now given the risk of ending up paying us
100 thousand and the boss has already fallen without bottom
the dollar has in the bank all that
shared help in a form of
another that everyone knew what
It happened
finally the people and government to itamarati
I do not know where you're responsible for shooting the
problem, and they managed to end pagan
which is by right is done only missing
even pay and it was very important paper
community also wanted to thank the
all of you, well, if it had not been for
behavior of you would not have fallen
in the media and has been no more
forgotten is to collect donated rice
she denied face the government denied that it was
served as a limo this really happened
drinking some were some
reports here that you go gies was
divided and died and another speaks that
It's complicated but it's my company.
a mosir company and there were the whistles
horns
finally would again table
to thank all the people who
way or another helped me the staff
community share the video and this
I think if you have your right
You do not have to fear whatever the
person who stole gold ball from us
should 70 back even because it's your right
you worked, you have more to receive
life is so you work
Of course it's a person to meet her.
have to pay for the service
Of course 60 days will be received later.
who fell in the media were three days in the
A few days ago, we see an example.
For you, do not be afraid to word in the mouth.
trombone, right, right and not everyone goes
an example of
who ran after his rights and
receive the money that the 13 6 president
dilma was not in order to pay was
taking spending with other things
Kiss in your heart, nailed to the
adductor together need size was worth
community
Thank you and management.